Q: Why should I read books?
A: Reading has multiple benefits such as improving vocabulary, mental health, etc.

Q: What are some good books to start with? 
A: I would recommend Animal Farm by George Orwell, The Handmaids Tale by Margaret Atwood, and The Book Theif by Markus Zusak. These books are good places to begin as they are staple reads and deal with interesting topics and themes. 

Q: What are some plays you would recommend?
A: A Midsummers Night's Dream by William Shakespeare, The Importance of Being Earnest by Oscar Wilde, and A Doll's House by Henrik Ibsen are classic plays that help usher you into more complicated works.

Q: What are some good dystopian books?
A: 1984 by George Orwell, The Hunger Games Series by Suzanne Collins, Parable of the Sower by Octavia E. Butler are good dystopian reads that demonstrate past and current issues. 

Q: Can you recommend good fiction novels?
A: Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Chronicles of Narnia Series by C.S. Lewis, and Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen are good fiction novels to start with as they deal with a range of topics and interesting characters. 

Q: What are good classic novels?
A: Anne of Green Gables by Lucy Maud Montgomery, Little Women by Louisa May Alcott, and To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee are great classic novels that deal with growing up and learning more about the world.

Q: What is the best way to get books?
A: You can find different book stores in your area and you can go to your local library and borrow books. Do research on your area to find the best place to get books for you.

Q: What are good fantasy novels?
A: A Song Of Ice And Fire Series by George RR Martin, Good Omens by Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett, and Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien are good books to start with for the genre.

Q: What are good books about racism?
A: The New Jim Crow by Michelle Alexander, The Color of Law by Richard Rothstein, and The Autobiography of Malcolm X by Alex Haley are good books to get an understading of American racism, past and present.

Q: What are good places to read?
A: You can read at home, library, cafes, etc. You can read anywhere and anytime.

Q: Are audiobooks a good option?
A: Audiobooks are a great options if you do not have time to sit and read. You can listen inbetween tasks.

Q: Can you recommend good biographies?
A: Born A Crime by Trevor Noah, Becoming by Michelle Obama, and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by Rebecca Skloot are good biographies that detail interesting lives.

Q: What are some good poem collections?
A: Poems by Emily Dickinson, The Poetry of Pablo Neruda by Pablo Neruda, and Ariel by Sylvia Plath are could poems to read as they relatable and interesting.

Q: What are good essay books?
A: Bad Feminist by Roxanne Gay, Notes of a Native Son by James Baldwin, and Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain are good essay books to read as they detail with interesting topics.

Q: What are good page lengths to start with?
A: If you are a beginner you should start with books around 200 pages.

Q: What ae good short books?
A: The Haunting of Hill House or We Have Always Lived in the Castle by Shirley Jackson and Night by Elie Weisel are good short books.

Q: What are good comics?
A: The Sandman series by Neil Gaiman, Watchmen by Alan Moore, and Batman: The Dark Night Returns by Frank Miller are good starter comics.

Q: What are good graphic novels?
A: Sisters by Raina Telegimeier, Maus by Art Spiegelman, and Nimona by ND Stevenson are good graphic novels.

Q: What are good authors to read from?
A: Shirley Jackson, Neil Gaiman, and Terry Pratchett are good authors you can choose from.

Q: Who are good horror writers?
A: Agatha Christie, Stephen King, and Anne Rice are good horror writers with interesting catalogs.

